I remember after our provincial and municipal departments
All through employee training
With your service attitude
How did you pass the staff training?
Return our province and city
I know everyone in the province and city
But I don't know you.
You deserve to ask me what you are
It's normal that you don't know him.
Because you are not qualified
He is the head of the Shen family
Shen Yanzhen
How is this possible?
If it were Third Master Shen, I would be the Jade Emperor
Stop talking about what you want to buy, pay up and get out
Zhang Cheng Xicheng French Antique Store made a trip later
Now Zhang Cheng is the assistant of Third Master Shen
It's not ordinary at Shen's
How dare you impersonate his phone?
How silly!
These are the ones you just saw.
Pay for every 2 million
Don't try to default
I just saw the price 1 million
How did it change 2 million
I have the final say in the store I am in charge of
If I say the price goes up, the price will go up.
Who gave you the courage to say that to the third master?
Zhang Junbao, why are you here?
What is my WeChat?
Don't pay you?
You're fired.
Fairy, he is really the third master
He is Shen Mingzhen